docs(clustered): update ingress to mention grpc (#5514)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/influxdb/clustered/install/configure-cluster.md

### Set up cluster ingress

> {{% warn %}}
> Components of Clustered utilise gRPC/HTTP2. You may need to explicitly allow this
> on any external load balancers you use.
> {{% /warn %}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{% note %}}
InfluxDB Clustered components use gRPC/HTTP2 protocols. If using an external load balancer,
you may need to explicitly enable these protocols on your load balancers.
{{% /note %}}
```
